README.md, before:

# Coprolite

(WORK IN PROGRESS)

### Minecraft ~~core~~ server launcher

## Features
- Mixin [(Fabric Wiki)](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:mixin_registration) [(Mixin Wiki)](https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin/wiki)

## How to run with PaperMC

```shell
java -Xmx4G -Dcoprolite.jar=./paper-1.20.4-340.jar -jar coprolite-launcher-0.0.1.jar nogui
```

Additionally install [Coprolite Paper](https://github.com/Nelonn/coprolite-paper) into plugins directory

## Plugin structure

See [example plugin](https://github.com/Nelonn/coprolite-example-plugin)

`coprolite.plugin.json`

```json
{
  "schemaVersion": 0,
  "id": "mod-id",
  "name": "Example Mod",
  "version": "${version}",
  "authors": [
    "Your Name"
  ],
  "mixins": [
    "mod-id.mixins.json"
  ]
}
```

`mod-id.mixins.json`

```json
{
  "required": true,
  "minVersion": "0.8.5",
  "package": "your.package.mixin",
  "target": "@env(DEFAULT)",
  "compatibilityLevel": "JAVA_17",
  "mixins": [
    "MixinCraftServer"
  ]
}
```

## Project layout

- `coprolite-api` contains Сoprolite loader api
- `coprolite-loader` contains platform-independent implementation of Сoprolite loader _(if desired, it can be used at least as the client mod loader)_
- `coprolite-launcher` contains launcher for Сoprolite loader, usually for PaperMC and its forks

## Credit

Special thanks to [FabricMC](https://fabricmc.net/), a considerable part of the code is taken from fabric-loader

Licensed with Apache-2.0 License

Commit message:

Use coprolite.pluginsFolder to define custom plugins folder

README.md, after:

# Coprolite

### Minecraft ~~core~~ server launcher

It's a stripped down version of Fabric Loader.

## Features 
- Mixin [(Fabric Wiki)](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:mixin_registration) [(Mixin Wiki)](https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin/wiki)

## How to run with PaperMC

```shell
java -Xmx4G -Dcoprolite.jar=./paper-1.20.4-340.jar -jar coprolite-launcher-0.0.1.jar nogui
```

Additionally install [Coprolite Paper](https://github.com/Nelonn/coprolite-paper) into plugins directory

You can manually define plugins directory for coprolite using `-Dcoprolite.pluginsFolder=./coprolite_plugins`, by default it's `./plugins`

## Plugin structure

See [example plugin](https://github.com/Nelonn/coprolite-example-plugin)

`coprolite.plugin.json`

```json
{
  "schemaVersion": 0,
  "id": "mod-id",
  "name": "Example Mod",
  "version": "${version}",
  "authors": [
    "Your Name"
  ],
  "mixins": [
    "mod-id.mixins.json"
  ]
}
```

`mod-id.mixins.json`

```json
{
  "required": true,
  "minVersion": "0.8.5",
  "package": "your.package.mixin",
  "target": "@env(DEFAULT)",
  "compatibilityLevel": "JAVA_17",
  "mixins": [
    "MixinCraftServer"
  ]
}
```

## Project layout

- `coprolite-api` contains Сoprolite loader api
- `coprolite-loader` contains platform-independent implementation of Сoprolite loader _(if desired, it can be used at least as the client mod loader)_
- `coprolite-launcher` contains launcher for Сoprolite loader, usually for PaperMC and its forks

## Credit

Special thanks to [FabricMC](https://fabricmc.net/), a considerable part of the code is taken from fabric-loader

Licensed with Apache-2.0 License
